app/vmalert/datasource/graphite: allow overriding "from" parameter for datasource queries (#4687)
VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics: docs/CHANGELOG.md

* FEATUTE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): support option for "blackholing" alerting notifications if `-notifier.blackhole` cmd-line flag is set. Enable this flag if you want vmalert to evaluate alerting rules without sending any notifications to external receivers (eg. alertmanager). See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4122) for details. Thanks to @venkatbvc for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4639).
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): add unit test for alerting and recording rules, see more [details](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html#unit-testing-for-rules) here. Thanks to @Haleygo for [the pull request](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/pull/4596).

> * FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): allow overriding `from` parameter for alerts with `graphite` datasource type. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4685). 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* FEATURE: [vmalert](https://docs.victoriametrics.com/vmalert.html): allow overriding default GET params for rules  with `graphite` datasource type, in the same way as it happens for `prometheus` type. See [this issue](https://github.com/VictoriaMetrics/VictoriaMetrics/issues/4685). 
```
